doc: expand information about mesh models (#1877)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: include/bluetooth/mesh/models.rst

   ../../../include/bluetooth/mesh/gen_*

For more information about these and other models, see also `Mesh Model Overview`_.

.. _bt_mesh_models_categorization:

Categorization
==============

Each model is classified into one of the following categories:

    * Server -- which contains states.

>     * Client -- which does not contain states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Client -- which reads and writes the the Server's states.
```

> Moreover, some models also include a *Server Setup* model instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, some models also include a *Setup Server* model instance.
```

The two server model instances share the states of the server model, but accept different messages.

> This allows for a fine-grained control of the access rights for the location states, as the two model instances can be bound to different application keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows for a fine-grained control of the access rights for the states, as the two model instances can be bound to different application keys. Typically, the Setup Server instance provides write access to configuration parameters, such as valid parameter ranges or default values.
```

> Most of the server models can also be extended, while client models cannot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both server and client models can be extended, but as client models don't have states, they generally don't have any reason to. None of the specification client models extend other models.
```

> Moreover, most of the server models can store changes to the user access rights persistently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All server models store changes to their configuration persistently using the :ref:`settings` subsystem.
```

   ../../../include/bluetooth/mesh/gen_*

For more information about these and other models, see also `Mesh Model Overview`_.

.. _bt_mesh_models_categorization:

Categorization

> ==============

Reviewer 2: A bit confused about the levels of the headings here. Is this supposed to be on the same level as the API documentation, or is API documentation supposed to be a subtopic to Common types?
Guidelines for which characters to use for which level are here: https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/zephyr/guides/documentation/index.html#doc-guidelines
It works with other characters as well as long as they are used consistently. But it's a lot less confusing if we stick to the same characters in all our docs. ;) So this would mean * for L2 and = for L3.

Author: Right, updated.

Each model is classified into one of the following categories:

    * Server -- which contains states.
    * Client -- which reads and writes the the Server's states.

Moreover, some models also include a *Setup Server* model instance.
The two server model instances share the states of the server model, but accept different messages.
This allows for a fine-grained control of the access rights for the states, as the two model instances can be bound to different application keys.
Typically, the Setup Server instance provides write access to configuration parameters, such as valid parameter ranges or default values.

Both server and client models can be extended, but because client models do not have states, there is generally no reason to extend them.
None of the specification client models extend other models.
All server models store changes to their configuration persistently using the :ref:`settings` subsystem.

.. _bt_mesh_models_configuration:

Configuration
=============

> You can configure Mesh models in |NCS| using Kconfig options.

Reviewer 2: You could link to :ref:`configure_application` here. ( https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/gs_modifying.html#configuring-your-application )

Author: Nice, thanks.
